fix(import images): updated (#902)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/reference/public-api/imports/images.md

--description--

> The image import creates images. The image import in Livingdocs is asynchronous. You post a batch of images that you want to import and get back an id with which you can query later to get your result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image import creates images in the Media Library. The image import in Livingdocs is asynchronous. You post a batch of images that you want to import and get back a jobId that you can use to retrieve the import job state.
```

Reviewer: I think it is worth mentioning a job is created, so that the naming convention is consistent with other endpoints.
